I just that, that there's something about cults and there's something about, um,
like seeing people just hook, line and sinker, roll out the red carpet here.
He comes here. He comes here. That stuff freaks me out.
That stuff freaks me out. I think because I've seen it.
I seen it with martial arts,
especially seen it all with a lot of,
a lot of the old school martial arts schools were very culty,
very culty. You know,
I don't know if you follow dojo life on Instagram, dude.
I'm just going to give you a treat here. dojo.
Life is a awesome collection of the fakest martial arts you've ever
seen in your life.
And something about these videos is so compelling because these people who
are the students, they know the does not really work,
but they pretend that it works because they're just, they're in a cult.
You know? And this guy's like teaching people,
like if someone comes to grab him, like to try to take him down,
like some wrestler, check it out. He's going to put his hand here.
Give me some volume on this. Jamie.
Smaller.
Small intestine. It's going to get it right from the neck and.
Take the bladder.
The bladder point right.
Along the center.
Of the scalp. Just making up right here, dude. Just making up.
So we'll get homeboy's mustache behind him. He comes in, touches him,
hits him here right here. That's all I need to do, bro.
Cain Velasquez shoots up power devil. Just put that left hand.
Look at that is chaos. He came out on bro, get him up.
This is important. Wow. He smacks the out of him.
And this guy really believes this. That's an anti Gracie movie. He says,
try that. Let me try that on Hanzo. You dummy.
There's so many of these, but this guy has like a,
an awesome collection of them. Look at this.
The guy gets out and throws everybody to the ground. Hi, yah. I'm a master.
Just walk it. This man. They're all, they're all grabbing him. And he's like,
but I have super powers and you don't.
They might as well be five.
They might as well be five-year-olds on a playground. And one of them pretends.
He's Dr. Strange. You grabbed me. I'm going to send you back to more door.
Straight forward. It didn't even.
Move for him. Yeah. It's so stupid. It's so stupid. But this is what I'm saying.
These are cults. This is there's something about this that freaks me the out.
And I,
my martial arts school that I started out in TaeKwonDo school was very strict as
a lot of discipline, but it wasn't really culty, but it was every, everyone is.
They're all a little culty. They're all a little culty.
Well there's master and Mister and all that stuff.
There's always a little bit of that,
but we would go to tournaments and then we would see it full on,
just full on cults.
Like one guy would be the Kung Fu master and have all the students had,
I'll be at his command and he'd be telling them what to do. They're like, yeah,
say they'd scream it out. And just like karate kid. There's a lot of them, man.
There's hundreds of these weird little schools that were run by people that were
running their own little cults,
at least at the tournament's like you guys are getting actually compete. Right?
So the kids, even though they're, they're like dogs,
they're well-trained you know, they always listen. Yes sir. Yes, sir.
They still get to get on the mat and they experience loss.
They experience some form of real worldliness. Right? For sure.
It's not like the dojo. Yeah, no, but it's,
what's stunning about [inaudible] life is how many of them there are,
I mean there's and they're making videos. This is the thing.
These people like scroll,
just scroll and show how many videos this guy's got up. I mean, who,
I don't even know how many there's probably hundreds, but the thing is,
this is just what's on video, man.
Understand how people that come to these places,
they don't ask for competition. They don't ask to see somebody.
They don't know any better, but they always, but is it always like, you know,
oh, if I did this to a man he'd die. You know? Like, is that, is that, oh,
look at this one. This guy, when a guy has a, is a knife to his neck,
he's going to smush the guy's hand with his chin. Watch this.
He's going to make the guy tap, check this out.
The guy's got a knife right to his neck. And he's like, but what you need to do,
try it on me. As soon as he gets that knife near me. Not the same spot.
That's not the same spot. Right? Watch this. He's going to say, okay, I give up,
but I will take my hand.
And then my chin or make your hand hurt. Like DAS,
watch this guy is dumb as.
Hurry up and get to it. Here he goes, look, he's making him tap.
He's grabbing his own hand. I grabbed his own head. Oh,
look at that. Look at that arm bar, ferocious, ferocious at no point in time,
would that guy been able to stop the out of him with that giant knife in his
hand, that's just a little bit more believable than the other one.
It was the one right next to it. Where the guy's on the, his knees there.
That one right there. Watch this one. This one's so stupid. I mean.
You can't reach me. Reach me with that hand.
Reach me with that.
You.
Cannot, you can't.
Reach me with that as.
This reach me with that hand, reach me with that. And you cannot.
Oh, handlebar mustaches, like straight Benson.
But this is why I think I get freaked out by cults.
Is that when I was a young teenager and I started doing martial arts,
I saw like certain elements of that. I, you know,
I went to Catholic school for just one year when I was young,
when I was seven first grade, actually six. Right. And, uh,
it was horrible. And I remember thinking like that,
I can't believe all these people are just doing this.
Like all these people were falling along. It was like, so awful. Okay.
Enough with the, I don't want to see any more of these.
I can't there's this doctor also stupid. He's got hunters of a man,
but um, I recognize that like when I was young, I was like, this is not,
this doesn't make sense. This is just, everybody's just going along with this.
This is normal to leave your kids with this mean, none.
And all these people are, everybody's like, stay in order.
Everyone's nasty to you. And they're hitting kids. Like it was awful.
And I remember thinking, man, uh,
there's something that happens to people when they get big groups of them
together and they agree on irrational has something,
some weird thing that happens to people where everybody, this can't be right.
That lady is not acting in the name of God. There's no way.
She's a crazy mean old lady.
And I got to listen to her because she works for God. This is nuts.
Can I talk to God? Does he know how she acts? You gotta talk to him. Yeah.
You gotta talk through her. She's a representative. I got a phone line.
Your parents take you there and drop you off and leave you with these monsters
all day. You're like what? And some of them got, right?
Some of them got molested, not just some of them, quite a few.
So I think I had a healthy respect for that and fear of
that when I was really young.
And then I saw some of the same elements when I started doing martial arts,
particularly with like some of the more ridiculous, like,
like really rigid traditional type styles,
a lot of Kung Fu there was a lot of like, you know,
for every hundred martial arts schools,
you had three or four that were just flat out cults.
I just made those numbers up out of thin air,
who is the one 51% who was the guy? Um, I think it was,
it was in China. That up one of these fake oh, grandmasters.
Then he had to go into, yeah, it was guy two of them. Um,
one of them happened recently. It was it.
That was the guy with yellow sneakers on. Right. He was an MMA guy. Yeah. Yeah.
And he this guy up.
They all have like two strikes to dismantle that old fart. Yeah. I mean,
it's not, it's not fair. You're dealing with someone who's delusional,
but it is fair because we all need to see that.
Cause there's some people that really did believe that guy had magic powers
because they run a cult. Like these people that are doing all this death,
touch that when they see their students, like they fall down,
they believe that they're getting jolted in some weird might maybe not a hundred
percent, but there's a small percentage of their brain.
That's willing to not just go along with it.
But to believe this guy is something special. That guy with the yellow sneakers,
didn't give a about that.
He just beat the out of that dude and for everybody else. But that dude,
that's good. You know, for that guy to,
to find out that he's not really some possessor of magic powers. I mean,
if he really did believe it, here it is. Oh, red sneakers. Different ones.
Maybe. No, this is it. This is it.
He just beats the out of this dude. I mean, real quick, he just storms him.
Boom, hit some of the right hand, boom,
another right hand and just get some on the ground and beats the out of them.
I mean,
this is like maybe six or seven seconds before they stop at he's out cold.
Have those mats in my house. Puzzle mats. Yeah. They're in the living room.
My chair. I check her like that too. Oh,
you're an animal you keep in the living room.
That's the way we can just cook and do yoga. We can roll.
That's hard to wrestle with my son. There.
You'd freak people out if they came into your house,
if you're new in the neighborhood. So, uh,
you hang out with me for a minute in the living room.
Come on over and have some cacao dip into my garden. Cow. Yeah.
It's like a mile dose of MDMs. Hey, look at my living room. It's wrestling mats,
nothing creepy about that.